Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Face.
Fleet.
War.
A man.
An idea.
A trick.
A ruse to bring down the walls of Troy.
And burn her. scream to the ground.
What does that mean?
A gift to Athena.
Ordinary gods respect their sacrifices.
Save her from the waves and
take it to Athena's temple.
The war is over.
Enough!
Not this song.
I want to remind them whose wine
they drink.
I don't want Odysseus' song. I do
Odyssey.
Why night in his house
what night do you host suitors?
In this world a man does
what he wants. I do what I can.
I'm a man now. mom.
So throw them out.
Break the law of Zeus and you will see what you
they will if you give them such an excuse.
I already lost my husband.
I don't want to lose my son either.
Daddy will be back.
Where is he?
Eight years since the fall of Troy.
Almost 20 years since he left us.
Where is he?
We must welcome him as
how we welcomed you all.
Are you calling us beggars?
I say you are welcome here already
three years.
We are already enjoying your hospitality too much
a long time.
Because your mother can't make up her mind.
She is already married.
Odysseus is dead.
What do you know about my father?
I know he kept emaciated cattle and drank
bad wine.
You enjoyed the first two seasons
the best.
I know he never came home.
Not yet.
They long for a father they don't even have
they didn't know.
Like some runaway bastard.
Well. since none of us can really know who they are
our fathers. do not claim to know mine.
But I knew him.
Like boys.
We followed him hunting.
I wanted to sign up for his
expedition to Troy.
but he told me to stay
here and watched over you.
Oh. me or my mother.
You can't blame me for being lucky.
My father is coming home and his hospitality
she will not be as generous as hers.
So it doesn't follow Zeus's law?
Zeus' law preaches to us
treat strangers as we would like to be treated
treated us because it
they may be gods in disguise.
I think we made it clear
Antinous you are not a god.
This one definitely doesn't smell like it
god
If it smelled. it wouldn't be a god knows what kind of mask.
Carefully.
He could knock you to the ground. right now.
The thunder was an accident.
I don't know.
You have smart eyes.
Feminine eyes.
Do you see all those traitors here?
From Sparta.
Those men who
allowed to return home from the war.
Years ago.
Odysseus never returned?
We don't even know if he's alive.
Did you hear anything?
A song about how he won the war.
We've all heard that.
Something else?
Nope.
But... Sparta is full
veterans of the Trojan War.
Someone will know something.
Are you the son of Odysseus?
Go to Sparta.
Go.
Find Menelaus.
He will welcome you.
The queen wants to talk to the stranger.
He lives on the news.
Just don't try to give her false hope.
It has some way of finding out if a person
actually saw Odysseus.
Do you see that man?
He can't see much anymore. but that doesn't stop him
in that he beat wayfarers on
death in exchange for lies about mine
to the father.
No. no. too fast.
How can you know?
You don't need eyes to hear a rush
combination.
Mentor. push him.
Too fast.
He is as friendly as you.
He only listened to your father.
Where did he get it from?
They met right here.
I'll take him.
For your boy?
Like a hunting dog.
Damn. he was right.
Stand still.
How deep a scar do you want?
Why do you keep pulling your string?
It's only fair.
To warn your prey?
To fight with honor.
But you didn't fight. you are
he hunted.
Hunting is nothing.
Fight with sneaking.
Cunning.
Cunning. but your cunning
will get you in trouble.
Try again.
Not so quickly or accurately this time.
You can't win with a perfect defense.
Lure the attack.
How?
Hesitate.
Expose your belly to your opponent's blade.
Their attack becomes your chance.
Is that what my father taught him?
No. no. he taught me.
He said you wouldn't
always the one
strongest or fastest.
so be the smartest.
What would he do. what if he came back here
and found all these suitors in the house?
Don't do it.
I can't even imagine what would
he did to them.
There are so many of them.
Put a few of them down. the rest will give in.
they are just cowardly bullies.
Most of them are old enough to go to Troy.
but when they saw Agamemnon's sails.
their fathers beat them.
And he knew that Agamemnon's war would last
many years and it will take many lives.
So he drew lots for his army.
Name?
Sivan.
Pull.
Nope.
Name?
Antinous.
Pull.
Yes. by lot.
Antinoos told me he volunteered.
Your boy is trying to take Sinon's place.
I won't let him.
He has to stay here and take care of his own
family.
You can also watch out for your boy.
Of course.
He is with me.
Did he want Antinous to watch over me?
No. no. no.
But Odysseus was sensitive to his father's
shame.
He sympathized with these fathers.
You and your mother are for him
they meant more than promises of glory.
So he knew it would be years.
Did he tell my mother?
That's a question for her.
You might ask. will he ever come back?
Argus thinks so.
I have never seen a dog live to be 20 years old.
But he long outlived his master.
I didn't mean to stop you.
I'm not in a hurry.
The elders decided when
I will finish your grandfather
burial shroud. will
time to get married again.
Why?
Ithaca has been without a king for too long.
They want security.
Before what?
People from the sea.
These are just travel fables.
Everything we know about the world
are travel fables.
So we learned that Troy had fallen.
Now everyone is talking
stories of sea people attacks.
And who are those people from the sea?
No one knows but the elders
they wanted them to be ready.
Ready?
Part of the greatest civilization.
as ever existed.
Look at this magnificent house.
Stones as old as knowledge itself.
At the mercy of someone
a greedy. unwanted guest.
That building is nothing
without people's respect for its meaning.
Law of Zeus.
Treat others as you are
you want them to treat you.
They abuse it. they destroy everything.
As you could think of
that you will marry one of them?
Because a long time ago
your father asked me to.
Agamemnon is our king.
The Trojans kidnapped his brother's wife.
Or she ran away with him.
Either way. they say that
the walls of Troy are impregnable.
We will sit in front of the big one
city. and try to lure them into battle.
As the years pass. Telemachus
growing up. and you're learning to live without me.
Menelaus gives up Helen.
This is Agamemnon's excuse. how
break through Troy's control of trade routes.
He won't let it go.
Never.
What if you refuse?
She will marry our son.
He would never do that.
He sacrificed his own daughter
for a favorable wind.
Why would the gods want life
his daughter?
The power of sacrifice lies in the price.
which is paid by the person who brings it.
That's monstrous.
And determined.
I won't be back anytime soon.
If at all.
What if we ran away?
I would take you on a speedboat.
With the best crew.
And they headed for the horizon.
They held hands on the deck.
While we would for
at dusk they headed west.
They chased the setting sun.
There is a world beyond these walls.
Agamemnon's Revenge...
would fall on all of Ithaca.
And promise me...
if I don't go back... to time.
until Telemachus comes of age...
promise me...
that you will marry another husband.
There were enough victims.
Love is not a sacrifice.
Of course it is.
I don't want you to do that.
You don't decide that.
Promise me that.
Nope.
Promise me you'll come back.
What if I can't?
Then your memory will not decide
for me.
Take my pen.
Wear it. always.
Athena will bring you home.
I'm not sure if it fits me.
When travelers claim to have seen you.
I'll ask what you're wearing
and I will know if they are telling the truth.
If those people from the sea are real. right
now Ithaca has no king to raise an army.
I could dominate this room.
Come on.
Stretch it out.
That's not fair.
You said that only he could draw this bow.
He was happy to let others try.
He was sorting all the axes.
No one else has ever done it.
Mom. they're sucking us out
all the blood to be forced
choose one of them before
I will be able to claim the throne myself.
A traveler told me that Menelaus had returned
years ago.
They all came back.
All the survivors.
Maybe he's dead.
And if he is. then this is my palace.
We need to know.
I must go to Menelaus.
to find out the truth.
Because these suitors want to hurt you.
Oh. you think I don't know about that?
Every night they push me to
I gave them the excuse they needed.
And out there at sea?
On the road?
They will need no excuse.
You just won't come back.
You don't want me to claim the throne
alone.
You just want to keep me in my place
so that she can remain the queen of Ithaca.
I'm tired of being
queen of Ithaca without her king!
Without your king?
Or without a king?
And you think you're ready
take your father's place?
That kid.
Too loud. Melanthios.
Do not wear spurs in the palace.
you are a cowherd. not a rider.
And you're a pig farmer. who are you?
you talking to me like that?
The servant whom our master left
in charge of his shepherds.
The Lord is long gone
you old blind fool.
And you're probably here
welcome. like the dog.
Argos!
He didn't do anything.
So the stench is coming off you?
Leave that old dog alone.
Which one?
Both of us.
What did you tell him. Slade?
He just got carried away.
Argos is my father's hunting dog.
His hunting dog?
Look at that thing.
Get him out of here before I eat him.
No!
Can't you see he's suffering?
Good.
So I'll put him out of his misery.
Leave him alone!
Do you see?
Can you all see this?
He attacked me!
I have the right...
Please don't hurt my son!
Easy. easy.
All of us.
The young dog lost his head.
Showing some mercy.
Have some more of his wine.
I'll take care of it.
He is father's hunting dog.
He lives only to
saw Odysseus return.
That's fine.
I will put it on the manure pile in front of the door so that
he could have welcomed his master a little earlier.
That dog stays out there.
Think twice next time
before sacrificing your life for an animal.
You're Clint.
Prepare supplies. take them to
Lodiam. don't tell anyone.
Only use people you trust.
You broke your mother's heart.
If I stay. they will make me fight.
No one will support me.
I need to find out what happened to mine
father.
Ithaca will follow me if
they find that Odysseus is dead.
The suitors will never know.
You will never come back alive.
Tell Mentor to let me
he waits by the ships just before dawn.
What should I say to your mother?
To last as long as possible.
The ship is ready.
The tide is suitable.
I told you already
ever that you have wise eyes?
Athena's eyes?
Once or twice.
You haven't even asked me where yet
we are going.
Where are we going?
Searching for my father.
He is alive.
I can feel it in the wind and in the waves.
It's out there somewhere.
He wanders.
Wounded.
Lost.
I don't know.
But he is alive.
Dreams again?
Men are drowning.
Inside.
In some...
dark space.
Firelight on stone.
I don't know.
Don't you want to remember?
Why doesn't God speak
in a way that we understand?
Who does not understand thunder?
Fire.
A child's smile.
Good harvest.
Are you hiding from us?
Look.
Who moves that cloud?
Who calls those birds?
Who moves the water?
Who were you talking to?
Athena came to me again.
He tells me to remember.
To leave.
Why would you leave?
We have everything we need.
How long have I been here Calypso?
I have a home somewhere.
There's someone out there.
How do you know that?
I don't know.
I feel it.
What we have here could last forever.
Eternity is for the gods.
Are you a god?
You want to remember. but what if you
memories rob you of happiness?
Then it wasn't real.
Nope.
Not anymore.
But I love it.
Stop hating. Lotus.
Tell me what you remember.
After Troy.
Troy.
We won the war.
And what then?
Ten years on this fucking beach.
Let's go home.
Remember those we leave behind.
Do we have enough stock?
We took enough from Troy.
A stop or two won't kill us.
On the bow!
At the stern!
Pull in the oars.
Risk!
Pull in the oars!
We'll pull out the tarp.
We follow the south wind.
Yes. sir.
Agamemnon is rowing west along the familiar path
supply route.
He has more miles to feed.
I'll find places for us to land.
are you sure
It's a risk.
I have followed Agamemnon for quite some time.
With a little luck and
we will see with the right wind
a piece of the world and we will always be
home sooner than Agamemnon.
Just leave the bear on the right.
You lucky bastard. we have
only last stocks left.
Assemble the airborne team. food and
water. and prepare for three weeks.
What if they don't give it to us?
How badly do you want to get home?
Prepare your weapons!
Begging. borrowing. looting.
Ask them why they left theirs
the village instead of welcoming us.
They say they thought
that we are sea people.
Nope.
We are Greeks.
From Ithaca.
You may have heard about
our victory at Troy.
We are heading west with southerly winds.
He says if we go there he won't
we like what we find there.
After years of war. no one could
stand between my men and home.
Not even me.
Did something happen?
We are chasing the runaway son.
Let him like it.
Lucky bastard.
No. no. no. no.
Sheep walk in flocks.
Let's go after them.
Someone lives here.
Hey. they make cheese.
Pretty good.
There's a lot of it here.
We should get out.
We didn't bring anything to exchange.
Law of Zeus.
I don't know if the one who lives here
ever heard of Zeus' law.
Or about Zeus. for that matter.
Everyone has heard of Zeus' law.
Build a fire.
We welcome the owner when he returns.
Away from the fire.
No!
Get distracted!
I think he's sleeping.
Wait.
We won't move that boulder.
We would be trapped.
Sure.
In the morning.
When he drives out his flock.
We burst into the entrance.
Take a rest.
We can stuff something in
cave opening. leave a gap?
Maybe.
But what?
It's locked.
He will notice.
But take the thin end. put it in the fire.
How many ropes do we have?
How big is the flock?
A few dozen. maybe.
There are too many of us.
When he comes back. two of us have to get out.
Or at least fall.
Run low through the flock to
entrance. then split up.
So that we can catch just one of them.
Good.
Four of us should go.
Two and two.
Why risk more men?
Last night there were not two of us.
He'll want two more before he falls asleep.
Run. run. run!
I...
I'm worth nothing!
What about his body?
What should it be?
Should we just let him rot here?
Like food for that thing?
We are to honor our dead. Odysseus.
He died to help us escape.
We will honor him by running away.
He can talk.
Why didn't he speak before?
Are you talking to ants?
Should we negotiate with it?
I think we are over it.
what are you doing
No!
Give me the gun!
What is it?
who is that
Run!
Why did you have to shoot that arrow?
We lost good ones
soldiers because of that beast. yes.
and that beast was the son of Poseidon What?
When he gouged out his eye. we heard how
screaming his name That thing was a monster.
I heard that too.
So now the sea is against us?
And the wind.
How are we supposed to get home when it is
Poseidon against us?
We cannot live on signs and sacrifices alone.
You know how many times I have you
heard crying
pray to Athena since we left Troy?
Couldn't she show some mercy?
Take this.
Wear it.
To remember those we could not bury.
The gods help those who help themselves.
From that moment every stormy sea or
the headwind was telling the crew that we were cursed.
But where is my crew?
When will you let me see my men?
If I could talk to them. they would help
me to remember.
Did I have a wife?
Children?
Maybe a son?
How long have I been here?
A long time.
If I had a son. how old would he be now?
I don't know how to speak to a king.
You'll be fine.
Keep your mouth shut.
But if anyone asks. we are traitors from
Crete and we will figure out how
address the king.
Welcome.
Thank you.
Looks like you're having a good time.
Here.
Where are you taking us?
The king insists on being with foreigners
met in person.
You said. not you. you enjoy ours
hospitality as soon as they ask for it.
but maybe you can tell us who you are.
I chose the right day to arrive.
My daughter's wedding reception.
Tomorrow he leaves to start a new life.
You don't look like a beggar.
Imagine you know who I am.
And now the last. son of Atreus.
Brother of Agamemnon.
Husband of Helena.
You may have heard of Helena.
Face.
I sent a thousand ships.
Maybe only five hundred now.
Someone stayed on the battlefields
Troy because of that face.
Because of your brother's ambitions.
This one looks familiar.
Ajax.
Jester.
Achilles.
I don't miss it as much as
one particular fighter.
He was the most intelligent of us all.
We've been a rotting corpse on that beach for ten years.
Stuck at a standstill. fighting each other
until one day he found a way.
Odysseus. have you ever heard the story of this
horse?
Or did you hear him from inside?
We were there for days.
We squeezed in before the ship left.
Odysseus knew that no one must know
that we are inside. nor Sinon.
the soldier we left there.
The first two tides our men drowned directly
in front of us.
We lay in silence.
We were in urine and feces.
A gift to Athena.
Ordinary gods. cherish your offerings.
ahhh grrrr oooooh ooooh ohh.
aahhh grrrr aahh ooooh grrrr.
ahh grrr grrr ahhh.
It is an offering to Athena!
He knew he had to wait for a moonless night
around the plains of Troy.
Go!
Get to the gate!
They are dead.
He needs money in the bank.
Come on!
No!
Me.
I think you already know the rest.
Does it bother you that I'm telling you this?
Are you sure you can hear the birds singing?
I heard.
But they weren't there with all of you.
With your father. Odysseus.
Do you still like him?
When was the last time you saw him?
Troy.
The gods have granted us a just victory.
Fair?
The gods have blessed us with the righteous
victory. but they did not bless our voyages.
It took me years to get home.
No. he didn't.
Some got a
they wished it hadn't happened.
Tell him that.
Tell him about your brother.
Nope.
About the fate that the gods gave him
after your fair fight.
Nope.
About his heroic welcome.
Of how Agamemnon returned home years
in front of us.
Tell him how his queen welcomed him.
my twin sister Clytemnestra.
Nope.
Tell him how she – No!
He doesn't want to hear about my brother!
I once knew his father. but about Odysseus
I don't know anything since Troy.
Nothing?
From none of your men.
Not from the Agamemnons. not from traitors. not from travelers.
You've been coming here for years.
Are you interested in that?
Gossip.
But you are in the right place.
Anyone want to tell a story about
Odysseus?
Some say he is rich. others say he is poor.
Some say he perished.
As some say. he is in prison.
What do you say?
In prison?
What kind of prison would keep a man the way he is
him?
Tell me what you remember.
The rest will come.
And the man was more and more convinced.
that I offended Poseidon.
A storm hit us
behind the storm. all of us
pushed out of course. until
we are not completely lost.
Hello. we come in peace.
We just need some food.
We need food.
Do you understand that?
He's just a kid.
If it's a child. what about its parents?
Hey. shh. it's okay.
No. no. no. no.
Shh. shh
Go!
Back to the shed!
Microsoft Office Word destruction Microsoft
Office Word Document MSWordDoc Word.
Document.8 I return.
I'm coming back!
Go. go!
Yuh!
Oh. no.
Take the phone!
My phone!
Wait!
Go!
Get me out of here!
Wait!
Destroy them!
Hurry up!
Move the bastards!
Turn left. follow the coast.
What if they have ships?
We have to get as far as possible.
We are out of stock
a blind crossing.
We lost our way.
We have to find food and find our way.
Turn to the left.
Air!
Smoke!
Keep swimming!
Run to find a berth on the beach!
We are done!
Assemble the landing team.
Tomorrow.
Leave someone at the boats.
We think you should stay.
We?
All of us.
Still alive.
Is it a rebellion?
That depends on you.
Give me your boat.
I'll make sure we eat today.
Whatever you find.
No. no. it's okay!
It's okay!
You are fine!
No one will hurt you!
If I do what you want.
No one will hurt you.
My name is Eurylochus.
What's your name?
Cersei.
Cersei. we need food.
Urgently.
I have food.
A lot of food.
Will you allow me?
Your weapons were armor.
Take it out the back door.
Do you like my meat?
Why?
Do you have that much?
You never know when strangers will come.
And then. with their appetites.
there is never enough.
Eurylochus!
They haven't come back yet!
None of them?
No!
Give me your dagger.
Stay by the boat!
Why don't you just come here?
Did you come from the sea?
are you alone
My pigs liked you.
are you hungry
Leave your guns at the door
and enjoy the hospitality of Zeus.
Catch a pig. you can kill it for yourself
dinner.
Whoever you are. you're definitely not
farmer.
Here.
That stew smells good.
That's enough for us.
Who says that only for us?
Who else is here?
Who exactly?
You claim to be all alone. but
no one comes here alone.
No?
This place can only be reached by sea.
So where are your shipmates?
I'm looking for them.
Has anyone been down this road?
But you prepared all this food.
Are you listening to me?
You?
A traveler who is clearly starving.
but he did not touch the food in front of him.
He claims to be a sailor. well
wears the armor of a great warrior.
And who violates Zeus's law by being
he brought the dagger to his host's house.
You have sharp eyes.
Sharpened by the gods.
Do they give you insights?
Truths.
Sometimes.
They would tell you where
have i found my men
Your men?
Exactly.
They said.
And you would tell me?
Maybe.
If you give me your dagger.
Why would I help a liar
who refuses my hospitality?
There were men with her.
and now they are not here.
Did they move on?
Yes.
Did they leave their rings here?
I would...
No!
I don't know what this raven is to you.
If you don't put the knife down. then
I'll strangle her to find out.
Don't hurt her.
Family.
Mother.
Your sister.
You did it to her. the way you did
he turned my men into swine.
I didn't turn your men into anything!
Look at them!
This is them!
Low.
Abominable.
The primal instincts that you value so much in battle.
They raped and looted
around the world for you.
And you think it is
against their nature?
You think they were just doing it
because you ordered them to?
A true commander thinks cruelty
his men are actually discipline.
You don't look so confused.
But you sent them here to me. all by yourself.
A bunch of dirty soldiers with
empty stomachs and hot blood.
You thought they would
respect me and my home?
Look at them!
You know your own men!
Did they hurt you?
They would hurt.
They just want to go home.
Leave them.
Come back.
Odysseus.
Back to the ship.
Take all the food you can carry.
Leave the meat.
You won't let her live.
She is a witch.
Who gave her those powers?
You are gods.
Fill the jugs and mosses with water from the stream.
Be ready to set sail at dawn.
Why leave her like this?
We are better off this way.
Sorry if we offended you.
We won't be back without your help.
We need to know
way to trade routes.
You are too lost.
What do you mean?
Only blind Teiresias to you
can tell how to go home.
Teiresias?
In Hades.
No one sails to hell and comes back.
You do.
Heading north until dusk.
And continue inland until
the river of fire will not meet the river of ice.
You have to dig a trench there.
I will fill it with the blood of the victim.
Collect the dead and figure out how to get home.
You. not your men.
Would you curse them?
Not a curse.
True.
Your men don't want you to defy the gods.
The gods say that only you will return home.
Then I defy the gods.
Senna. this is Odysseus.
Let him drink. Odysseus. and then you will hear
his testimony.
Odysseus?
Yes.
You lied to everyone.
Did you have to lie to me too?
I needed her to believe.
Why did you have to volunteer?
Don't you remember how I got here?
I begged to be allowed to take Antinous' place.
They called him.
He offered money for your family if you'd be interested
his place.
If the Trojans don't let me
live if i never come home
take it back to my father
tell him everything i did.
Odysseus. feel free to add something there.
You didn't trust me enough to tell me the truth.
You knew I would die for you.
To die was to tell the truth.
I needed her to believe.
I died because of your lie on that beach.
I know.
I was there with you.
I heard you repeat that lie with the last one
exhalation. with which you won the war for us.
I was right there. a few inches
from you. and I smelled your blood.
What comfort could that give me?
I didn't know you were in it
horses until the dead told me.
Which dead?
Many veterans of yours
mining walks along these shores.
The dead gather to mourn
the living and welcomed the newly deceased.
My father was the first shadow to find me.
To comfort you?
Shadows bring no comfort.
They want news of the living who harmed them.
My father died in poverty. alone.
he begged for scraps from people like Antinous.
Did Antinous deceive you?
How he undoubtedly lies to you.
How?
Who cares for your wife in Ithaca
and son?
My wife is none of your business.
Talk to Agamemnon about homecomings.
Agamemnon is here?
You buried me with honor near Troy.
thank you
But also think about those you didn't bury.
It is not always possible.
When you get home. take the boat. set out
to the unknown west until you find land.
And there bring the sacrifice and honor your men.
Do you still have the lottery ticket?
Of course.
If you get home. give it back to Antinous
his shame.
I will do it.
my lord
Odysseus. how come you are here?
We won the war. you headed home.
Odysseus. the brightest of all mine
generals.
You would never get caught in a trap like me.
Have you also been driven to the high seas. like us?
No. my misfortune was to return home.
I will be greeted by my beautiful wife.
bathed. anointed. softened to learn
the hardest lesson.
Years ago I left poison in her heart. a large part of her heart was gone.
She and her lover had been plotting my murder for years.
Odysseus.
Yes?
My son Orestes. has he avenged me?
Lord. how would I know?
I'm still trying to get home.
Don't make my mistake.
Don't go through the main entrance
in anticipation of wreaths and praise.
Enter in disguise.
Take your time.
Assess the situation.
can you see
I know what I have to do.
Only part of what you have to do.
My prophecy is not intended for their ears.
Back to the ship.
Swim southwest. past the sirens.
Their song lures your men to the rocks.
They will all perish.
I won't let that happen.
I plug their ears with wax.
After the sirens. you can choose between
by the Charybdis vortex and the monster Scylla.
The whirlwind in the sea will take all yours
lives.
That monster in the cliffs?
Only six.
But your determination not to sacrifice
more lives will kill them all.
I'll do what I have to do.
At the end. when famine threatens
and rebellion. they
they ask to land where the Sun god
he grazes his cattle.
They slaughter Apollo's herd.
Zeus kills them for it.
can you see
I will stop them.
Why do you value these men's lives more
than the lives of those you have already lost?
I can still save them from the gods.
Well. not in front of them.
What is it?
Your unburied crew.
They ask you to share their shame.
Let's go!
We got out of hell. leaving it there
so many fallen species.
I have to save the rest.
What happened to them?
Did they leave me here?
Will they come back?
Did you do something to them?
Maybe.
You told me not to eat the lotus flower.
Just tonight so you can sleep.
And tomorrow when you're ready
you remember
You remember your crew and your family.
Family?
Wife?
do i have a wife
Exactly. Melantho.
Foreigners don't come here.
Screen or non-screen.
after three years
of joint feasting already
we are far from strangers.
You try to marry me or destroy mine
reputation?
Melantho can be discreet.
I'm actually here out of concern for yours
reputation.
Oh?
Everyone can see how hard you work.
Slow. steady progress.
Hmm.
But every night the work
you unravel.
Leave us alone.
You can't expect her to be loyal to the master
whom she never even knew.
I expect her to be loyal to me.
Then he will be when you have me
you will take
Slaves have no choice but to be loyal
of the future.
This is a household
waiting for the master. only
since Ithaca has a kingdom.
which awaits the king.
The king of Ithaca returns.
No. it doesn't return.
You knew I was like a boy
did he try to go to Troy with him?
He never told me that.
Dizzy wouldn't let me.
He knew that Ithaca needed
a future without him.
And he saw me as part of that future.
Never to other suitors
I won't tell about your...
Lies.
Finish your weaving.
It's time to let him go.
Why would you want to marry
someone who loves someone else?
Your loyalty to something that is no longer in operation.
is one of your best qualities.
i love you
I want you to choose
me and put an end to all this.
You can't tell me you're not tired.
The waiting.
That uncertainty.
You have fulfilled your duty.
Year after year. year after year.
It's time to think about yourself.
It's time to live again.
It is what the disease would like.
I will take care of all your needs.
What about my son?
The throne is his.
He is the heir.
Unless we have a child of our own.
Where is Telemachus?
He went inland
to visit grandfather.
He left for years with his father.
Where?
He went to Sparta. to see Menelaus.
Well. should we go there?
Nope.
Too loud. Melanthius.
I told you you were a coward.
He listened.
No. no. no. no.
I came for Argus.
I told you that dog would stay there.
Return to the farm.
When we need
you swine. we will send Melanthius.
You are no longer welcome in this palace.
old man.
I answer to my lady.
Iris.
Does he even know your name?
Now go!
Telemachus will have to return to the temple
in Pylos.
Take your people and wait for him there.
And besides. he can stay there and try to charm
the queen.
I don't think so.
He must die on that road.
And Iris has a plan.
Iris!
I need everyone in his entourage dead
in a ditch. with their throats cut.
Telemachus and his
men will be ready for
bandits who operate on the road
between this place and Pylos.
But if some of them occupied the temple
before the priests arrive...
So bring me part of Telemachus' proof.
His nose.
Would you recognize him just by his nose?
Also according to the ears.
Who taught you that?
My father's swineherd.
Pig herder?
Yes. his most faithful servant.
Odysseus left his most faithful servant
behind.
He was always the brightest.
The only one Agamemnon ever listened to.
He should have listened more carefully.
May I ask what happened to your brother?
His wife betrayed him.
She murdered him.
What did you do to him?
We sent the arrestees.
He killed them both.
Wait. he killed his own mother?
He avenged his father.
But you don't have to worry.
Your mother has nothing
common with Clytemnestra.
Maybe not.
But the suitors persuaded the elders.
that it is time for her to remarry.
Yes.
Now is not the time for an empty throne.
I've heard the stories.
People from the sea.
Have you been mugged?
Not yet. but those attacks
they seem closer.
The squad is ready.
What about Ithaca?
She will be able to build an army.
defend yourself.
Someone has to sit on the throne.
Then the battle will be over there. not here
son
You ran away from the problem.
You left your mother to fend for yourself
a suitor.
Should I hire mercenaries?
Go back and kill them all?
Murder the rich and powerful
guests in their own home.
You would be an outcast.
What then?
You have to deport them without
to break Zeus' law.
I must sit on the throne.
I need to know if Odysseus is alive.
This has nothing to do with
to the father you never knew.
You have to lead. son.
Whatever happened to Odysseus.
You have to remember.
No. I don't have to.
I don't need to know the truth.
I am happy here with you.
And why do you collect the debris of yours
old ship to build a raft?
Remember your crew.
On your way.
I heard the sirens.
Put wax in men's ears.
None for me.
Tie me to the mast.
Why?
I want to hear the sirens.
Nope.
That's a bad idea.
No one has ever heard that song and survived.
That's why it's a good idea.
I'll be the first.
No matter how hard I beg. don't untie me until we're safe.
Check the men's ears.
Weekly allowance for the first.
yes sir!
What was the siren song?
All the things you wanted to be.
Then all the things you wish for
so that you never wish for them.
It was that nice itchy feeling you get
to scratch.
To find out that it's under the skin and you can't reach it.
And so that pleasant itching becomes unbearable.
It told you that what you want the most is the most
you can't have. and what you can't have the most
to have is what you already had
and lost.
He was
singing of all the promises I didn't keep.
And it told me that I don't really want to go back
home.
Black water!
Black water ahead!
Charybdis.
A terrible vortex.
Roll the sails!
Come on. let's go!
It's a wave. let's go!
When we set sail?
It already has us!
Maybe we'll cross that channel.
It is too narrow.
Head into the vortex.
If we start down the slope. we can pick up enough
speed to fly out on the other side.
Don't worry.
We can do it.
No. no.
We head into the channel.
Take the horse.
Stick to water.
On my command.
Three.
Two.
One.
Hold.
Hold on.
we did it. we did it
we did it. we did it. people.
Keep us straight!
For God's sake.
You knew it and you didn't tell us!
If I told you. you wouldn't be chosen
this way.
And those men would still be alive!
No!
We would all be dead.
You had no right!
I had every right and everything
responsibility.
That vortex would be destroyed
the ship and all of us.
This is how we live.
Some of us live!
Yes!
What else did Tiresias tell you?
I'll stop there.
We can't land there.
That is the island of the sun god.
We need repairs.
These men are exhausted.
I want six sailors.
I'll stop there.
I will rest on dry land.
You will all die.
You asked me what Tiresias told me.
He said you will all die.
If you kill the cattle of the sun god.
who grazes on that island. you will all die.
That's fine.
We'll stop. we'll cook
own stocks.
we pick fruit
we will collect water. nothing more.
Swear to it. all of you.
can you see
The wind pulled us right in.
We'll take a break. we'll fix it.
and we will set off as soon as the wind changes.
Grab that rope.
Did the crew keep their promise?
Yes.
A long time.
But the wind never changed.
Constant sea breeze.
which made it so easy
to land. made it impossible for us to fly away. And our supplies have run out.
No!
You thought that if you ate quietly.
won't the sun god notice?
We thought you wouldn't notice.
I'm not the problem.
I wanted you to live.
Teiresias told you.
Kirké told you.
The gods told you so.
You gods do not speak
in a way we understand.
Who does not understand pain?
Or blood?
Or death?
When you look at how your men
they die. do you see coincidence or do you see consequence?
I see the consequence.
I see my failure.
What if their death is not yours
failure but their own?
I lead them.
I brought them here.
And who led you?
Why do you set yourself above the gods?
Why do you take responsibility?
Why don't you want to go home?
What did you expect?
They ran out of food.
Have some mercy.
My pity is what brought us to this curse
island.
I told you what would happen.
Yes. he was talking.
And we decided that we would rather drown than
we should starve.
Well. now we have a chance.
The wind stopped!
The lack of wind lasted just long enough to tempt us
to Poseidon's Ocean.
Under Zeus' sky.
Booty!
Surrender to the gods!
Pray for forgiveness!
The last thing I remember she was hard
Hand of Zeus.
I don't know what happened to my men.
You know.
Exactly what you told them happened.
I washed up on your shore alone.
You washed up on my shore with a piece
of your ship and without a single crew member.
Half dead. unconscious
I watched you rave for days and weeks.
I knew the lotus would soften
your awakening so
your pain was more
physical rather than mental.
And she was.
I loved it so much.
You ate it so willingly.
While I was taking care of you.
Thank you.
I started to love you.
How long have I been here?
I kept telling myself that you
I have to stop giving.
That you are strong enough to remember.
How long. Calypso?
You were so happy.
were you happy
We were so happy.
For years.
How many years?
Seven years.
You fed me lotus flowers and held me
I'm in captivity.
I saved your life.
I put your body back together.
I just couldn't bring myself to do it again
make up your mind.
You were happy.
Your heart was just
always somewhere else
and your mind was
finally forced to follow him.
How could you?
Lotus clouds the mind and takes the will. but it doesn't change who you are.
For whatever reason. you weren't ready to go home.
Now I am.
Just like I always knew you would.
Now?
When I found you. you were clutching something in your hand.
She couldn't open up to you for weeks.
You screamed.
Mostly to Athena. but
sometimes he pronounced a different name.
She could help me.
Help me go home.
I help.
You are a man who needs to control his
fate.
But you can't control this.
You must surrender to the storm.
Surrender to Poseidon.
And accept your punishment.
Zeus won't let him kill you.
They are afraid to give up.
Give up control and live.
It's a leap into the unknown that you are
you never did before. Odysseus.
Odysseus.
Where am I?
Don't know your own home?
Zeus welcomes you. strangers.
How many of you are there?
Half a dozen.
Do you need to eat?
And supplies.
On the road.
Where are you headed?
We need pigs.
We're going all the way to Pyl.
Are you pilgrims?
Do we look like pilgrims?
I can't see well.
Azus requests that I offer you food.
but these pigs are not mine to sell.
Oh. don't worry.
We will not pay.
Say hello to your mother.
I'm sorry. I didn't have to
no news about your father.
No. you had news.
Not about where he is. but who he is.
And now more than ever
before that I hope to meet him one day.
Where are your watchdogs. old man?
I burn their bodies.
May Zeus offer you
food. drake. stranger?
Have you been attacked?
That dog saved yours
helpers on the farm.
First we burned his brothers.
What happened to Ithaca?
Darkness.
Zeus' law is shattered to pieces.
A kingdom without a king
since my master died.
Your master?
Odysseus.
Hero of the Trojan War.
But Odysseus lives.
Enough!
Telemachus.
He is in danger.
He's in danger and I can't help him.
There must be others on Ithaca who
would help Odysseus' son.
The palace is controlled by suitors.
No one is loyal to Odysseus anymore.
What about the queen?
Beautiful wives. Penelope.
Captured by the worst men
soon forced into marriage.
What can he do without his son?
Here. have a drink.
What danger threatens Telemachus?
He is on his way back from Sparta.
The suitors sent the bandits to
Pylos to be ambushed near the temple.
Give me food for the journey.
You'll never catch up with those bandits.
If I get to Pylos sooner
like Telemachus. I can warn him.
why are you helping me
If I tell you. don't be angry.
I served with Odysseus at Troy.
Really?
He was a strict commander.
But fair.
Fair and worth following.
You loved him.
As a son.
Well. he's not dead.
Will he come home?
Soon.
He will bring revenge.
He will bring everything.
I will speak.
We don't want people to find out who you are.
Well. maybe we shouldn't have taken the guard.
We'll be glad we took her if
we will have problems on the way.
I have a link.
Wait!
Maybe you sent me.
Find the beggar.
Your men must wait outside.
Weapons too.
Zeus welcomes you. strangers.
Have you traveled far?
Not that far.
You are here to rest for the night.
We are here to sacrifice to Athena.
And any hospitality that
you can offer would be considered.
Of course.
Get that beggar out of here.
He has a message for me.
Maybe you sent me?
Yes. sir.
Well. what's the link?
It is private.
These men are a bitch...
This is your moment to leave. old man.
Go. stranger.
I've already saved one old man this week.
But he was blind.
I don't save...
Not bad for a beggar.
No one is born a beggar.
We will take the robe of this priest.
we'll put it on your armor.
Help me with his body.
We have to leave him here.
Nope.
We have to get out of here.
This is not how respect is given to the dead.
This is how to survive.
He was my teacher.
Maybe it was Athena in disguise.
His name was Mentor.
And when you're safe. we'll release
on a journey to the unknown west.
And we will honor him there.
These men were sent by suitors.
There will be more of them. we have to
set out on a journey.
At night?
It's safer than staying here.
The mentor is in the heart
the oldest temple of Athena.
For now. we will honor him with a flame.
So how does the beggar find out about the Mentor?
I told you. I wasn't always a beggar.
You have smart eyes.
Athena's eyes.
Do not seek gods or men.
You will only be disappointed.
So tell me who you are.
My name is Sinon.
I am an old soldier who fought
under your father at Troy.
Did you know my father?
I'm already taking orders from him
longer than I'd like to admit.
Wait. he's alive?
He lives.
So where is he?
It's nearby.
He sent me forward to
I assessed the situation.
My mother won't believe it.
No. you can't tell her.
What. nothing?
Tell her that.
Tell her you've made up your mind
that it is time for her to remarry.
He doesn't have to test my mother.
How can he doubt her?
He has no doubts.
But he has every reason to
to forget about him.
Are there any loyal servants?
Some.
One of them is being shown here right now.
We must gather the suitors in the palace.
That's never a problem.
Do you have gifts for Menelaus?
Yes. on my ship.
Good.
Come back as a prince.
Call a feast.
I'll be there.
What are you going to do at that party?
I will beg.
The clearest view of a person is from below.
How many suitors are there?
He didn't.
If all his men are like
you. then... She has no men.
But is it just you?
And you.
Telemachus is back.
What?
Who says that?
Everyone says that.
Where is Telemachus?
My queen!
He'll be here any minute.
It's true.
You are at home.
I'm back.
I thought we could celebrate tonight.
If we have anything left to celebrate at all.
Don't worry.
My valiant suitors shower us with gifts to honor your return.
I'm so glad you came back safe.
I like to see you on your feet.
It is high time we took you back to the palace.
What did you hear about your father?
Nothing.
Tales of the War. but no one knew what became of him after he left Troy.
I'm sorry. mom.
Everyone in Sparta is talking about the impending disaster.
A dark age brought by the people of the sea. breaking the law of Zeus.
Some stories are true.
Our civilization is collapsing.
Menelaus worries that we cannot raise an army with an empty throne.
So we came up with a plan.
What plan?
The only way to make suitors go away is to make a choice.
Do you want me to remarry?
If you remarry. the other suitors will leave
and then I only deal with
one of them.
I'm almost an adult.
I will tell the elders that I am
learned of Odysseus' death in Sparta.
Menelaus will support me and
they will allow me to take the throne.
So you renounce your father and I abandon mine
home and I'm going to live with one of these snakes.
Is that your plan?
Could you do better?
Lock the door. lock it
fire and burn those bastards.
Do you think if I remarry
will life go back to its old ways?
That world is gone.
And in this case they will not give up
power in your favor.
Not even in favor of Odysseus.
If he came back. he would have to kill her.
Just like you.
If I kill them. their families will claim
revenge.
They would expel me.
And without me the throne will be lost.
Because only a man can sit on it.
An empty throne?
I sit on that empty throne
twenty years!
My knowledge. my years
experience. that's all
nothing in comparison
with stubble on your chin.
Do you want peace?
Or do you want revenge?
I want a contradiction!
Sing. Muse. about the face. about the face.
about the fleet. war. toil.
Sing tidings of a man. a man
about an idea. about a trick.
You may go on in peace. Argos.
You should bury him up on the cliffs.
where did you meet
you are Odysseus.
You are my father.
I am a beggar.
And you are a good. beautiful son
Odyssey.
Which. when you finally meet.
he will be so proud.
Welcome home. stranger.
Because the darkness of victory
shrouds those who write legends.
And it makes us all
poets and blind beggars.
Accept the hospitality of Zeus.
Bring a stranger something to eat.
No. sir.
I'll just finish them off with one bullet.
I had to invite another one today
from these dirty lickers.
What about one beggar
more at this feast?
We must kill him before again
he will not gain his position among the elders.
How?
Provoke him.
Make him grab one of the weapons.
He's no longer the young puppy. Mr. Bape.
you have to come back tonight
or we could have stopped.
Hit it. old man.
Please.
I haven't eaten in days.
I told you. hit it!
You can't be generous with food that doesn't even
it's not yours.
There is no room in your bowl.
Yes. it is.
So it is.
Let him like it.
I assume you want something from me now.
Nope.
I have something for you.
Do you have something for me?
You have something for me!
What would such a dirty plate licker like
are you. could you have what I could want?
It's actually yours.
They asked me to return it to you.
That's not mine.
No?
Where did you come up with that?
Don't turn your back on me!
It's disrespectful.
You can't treat a beggar like that.
It is the law of Zeus.
Zeus' law.
Do you think he is a god?
Do you think he is a god in disguise?
Are you him?
are you a god
White alcohol?
Nope.
I am a veteran of the Trojan War.
A veteran of the Trojan War.
And what's your name. veteran?
Synod.
Does the name mean anything to you?
Nope.
I use it to honor the bravest
young man I have ever met.
Sinan?
I'm not your shepherd.
I don't remember that.
Yes. yes. he wanted him to take his place.
Where did you find this?
Where it will soon be.
And where is it?
Hades.
Enough!
The feast is over!
Collection.
She wasn't mine.
The Queen would like to speak with you.
Stay while everyone else
they will not remain in hell fire.
Hello. traveler.
My queen.
Melantha. leave your Clay
wash the stranger's feet.
This is not necessary.
My husband insisted
to honor guests as family.
Do you know Odysseus. my husband?
Of course.
From those songs?
I was in Troy. ma'am.
And those songs must have seemed silly to you.
They bring tears to my eyes.
Why?
For what was lost.
Those lives?
And those years.
Everything.
Did you know Odysseus in Troy?
He knew.
There was some detail
about how he dressed?
Something he was wearing?
He wore a strange clasp.
Strange?
Beautiful. but out of place.
Describe her.
I'll go get more water.
It was a beautiful gold clasp.
A figure of Athena surrounded by vines.
Did he still wear it?
You never put her down.
How did you get home
when Odysseus could not?
I'm not home. not yet.
Why not?
Returning home is not always
easy thing.
This is as true for Odysseus as it is for me.
The Odysseus I knew would find his way back
or he would fight his way to me no matter what.
What if the Odysseus you knew lost his way?
What if one night in a foreign one
the city saw the things for which you
thought the home he knew
can no longer exist?
What if when he came out of the belly
a horse.
And opened the gates of Troy.
He saw ten years of fury pouring into it
city in a single night.
I will kill you!
And!
No!
We left them a gift. a peace offering.
which they took into their home.
We have violated everything that is ever holy.
Between people.
And we changed the fight.
On the hon.
Burn.
walls of Troy.
It meant burning the whole world.
Including your own.
What if he knew?
On the same night.
While he walked through the fires of anarchy and
pain.
And on days of sweaty celebrations that
they followed.
What if he knew exactly what he did?
What did you all do?
One man's idea.
One man trick.
To break Zeus' law forever.
We lived in a world of palaces and commerce.
Language. blind to its beauty.
Until we broke it.
Are you people from the sea?
Yes. my queen.
Violation of Zeus' law is spreading
like the plague.
Our bronze age
collapses and maybe he couldn't
look at the ruins of
what he did everywhere.
And not at all to your home.
But Odysseus lives.
And he will be there when you need him the most.
I've been living in its ruins long enough.
Bring the suitors at dawn. remove the weapons
from the hall.
In a few hours one suitor will be happy.
and the rest will be angry. vengeful men.
Ron provokes a man
so we won't have any weapons
on the exam and
the door will be locked.
I will marry the one who fulfills my challenge.
How do we deal with suitors?
We don't.
Their blood must end on my hands.
Otherwise you will face exile.
Won't you do it?
Just make sure you stick to them
they don't get weapons.
I'll take care of it.
Even if only one. there are too many.
And you won't have a gun.
Oh. I'll have a gun.
Your mother took care of it.
Gather the servants you trust.
Lock the weapons in the upper warehouse.
She seems interested in the outcome.
But what kind of test is this?
Years until he was mine
husband gone. you are
they controlled this one
the palace with its feasts.
Your excuse was that you wanted to win my hand
in marriage.
As I listen to you drink and fight
you corrupt my servants and despise mine
home. I longed for nothing else
than to
Odysseus returned a
he saw all this with his own eyes.
But last night I realized that here now
it is not.
And it never will be.
So I'm ready to get married
any of you who can string this one
hunting bow and shoot an arrow
through the twelve axes.
Come in.
And show me who you are.
You can. sir.
Who is first?
Give me that bow.
Arrghhhh!
Phew!
This cannot be done.
By you?
He is the boy I am
served as his assistant.
So you do it.
I'll wait my turn.
What if we were that bow
warmed up and oiled?
This bow has not been drawn in years.
It's yours
row.
It is not necessary.
The Queen expressed her opinion.
We cannot replace Odysseus.
Some of us have always known this.
Some of us would have followed
that great man to Troy.
If he had let us.
But he never came back.
So choose the best of us.
We all failed your test.
I don't.
Someone get those beggars out of here!
The door will remain locked.
until the exam is over.
The exam is over.
I want to try it.
Take it easy. old man.
oh god
He has the right to try.
If he doesn't do it. he can.
You make a mockery of your mother's wishes.
My mother's wishes
they are to burn you all.
He's just an inferior archer.
See an expert at work.
Come on.
Oh Matt. screw it.
Alright. my friend. my friend. that's enough.
But come on. leave it at that!
Leave it alone!
You are a disappointment.
Your place is definitely down there.
is it him
It's him!
No. secure the weapons!
Where are the weapons?
They are in total chaos.
Get them!
No!
What are you waiting for?
You will kill us all!
WARNING!
I told you. too noisy shepherd.
Come here!
Down!
No!
That's it.
Secure the door!
AAAAA!
Activate shields. activate shields.
Spears!
No!
Kill the bastard!
I thought you could kill us all.
How long have I been killing you?
Stop it.
I'm dead!
When.
When you come to Hades. tell mine
men that I would head west and honor them.
And tell Sinon that
I gave you back your shamelessness.
What happened?
Did he beat them?
Is he dead?
We broke the fragile bonds between people.
And for centuries of darkness to come
only stories about Troy will be sung.
I'm sorry.
It's just this. my love.
You can't die.
After all. you can't.
To see my beloved. I think. once more.
Nope.
No. no. no. you can't.
You can't.
Not now.
Not now. please.
I waited so long.
You can't die.
Not death.
Exile.
Telemachus will be king.
We will head to the unknown west.
To honor my men.
Together.
Take your fastest ship.
And the best crew.
And heading to the horizon.
Chase the escaping sun.
Why will stories only be sung?
Because the songs will be all they have left to do
they remembered those of us who could write.
Civilization will rise again.
A new dawn brightens the darkened
the world.
And on our mistakes again
he forgets.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm